[AUDIO LOGO]
[THEME MUSIC]
>>EMERY SMITH: Today
on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
we are joined by
Victoria Whitney,
a Doctor of Science and a
retired member of the United
States Navy
Department of Defense.
She has worked as an
environmental engineer
and scientist in special
programs and projects
and is an expert at
extraterrestrial and crash site
investigations.
Today, we're discussing the role
of the Pleiadians and the Orions
within the United
Galactic Federation.
Victoria, welcome to the show.
>>VICTORIA WHITNEY:
Thank you, Emery.
>>EMERY: So tell
us first how you
were involved with the
Pleiadians and the Orions.
>>WHITNEY: Well, it started
a couple of different times.
Once was in 2009 when
they introduced me
to the concept of the
Omicron Commonwealth,
uniting Earth together
and hopefully getting us
into the United
Galactic Federation.
I've spent a lot of time trying
to understand where they're
going with this, and so they've
shown me quite a bit of what
our future looks like.
And it's very much a real thing
that we need to come together
as a people and that we need
to understand that we're
part of a greater cosmic
community and stop being unto
ourselves and realize that we
are part of something bigger.
I see them often.
Not only do I have a contact
that gives me downloads all
the time, but I
also have a group
that we've worked with that
has two platings in it that
are scientists.
And so I've gotten to see
them from different aspects
in that way.
They do all belong to the
United Galactic Federation.
They are very much the governing
authority for approximately
3,000 planets.
And so that's a very
large community.
>>EMERY: That's a vast
system, the Pleiades.
>>WHITNEY: It's so vast.
>>EMERY: When you
refer to Pleiadians,
you're talking
about this 3,000--
>>WHITNEY: Well, 3,000
planets across many different
constellations.
So it's a lot of
different beings.
And if you ask them,
Can you give me a list?
we would be here all day.
But Pleiadians happen to be
one of the core groups that
are in there.
There are also Orions.
They're a core group.
There are some from Sirius
that are a core group.
And then there's some
of the Andromedans
that are a core
group, which means
that they hold all of the
leading council positions.
They have a long
history of doing this.
>>EMERY: Is that all
of them or just the
Pleiadians that refer
to themselves this way?
>>WHITNEY: Well, so it is
across the four groups that
are part of the council itself.
So they have a large council.
My understanding
is that there are
24 members from those four
groups that sit on this council.
And anybody that belongs to
the United Galactic Federation
has a seat with which they can
participate in what is going on.
So it's very much a public
voice for all of them.
But the council pretty
much maintains the decorum
for what is happening.
I asked them-- we
have people come in,
and the shouting begins.
And they said, no,
that would never
happen, that everything
is well maintained,
that they treat
each other civilly
and respect the opinion of all.
I've talked to them about,
are they the lawmakers?
Because here, that's how
our system is set up.
And they said, well, we
don't really consider it law.
We live by the 42
universal laws.
So what comes out of
that are guidances.
And so what they try
to do is represent
the guidances of the many.
And so that means
that they would
have to come together
and agree that it would
be of benefit to everyone.
>>EMERY: Tell us some more
about the Pleiadians' traits
and also their
physical appearance.
What did they look like?
>>WHITNEY: So very tall.
Probably, 9 foot is average.
I did meet-- at one
point, when Zendor
had to go and have his body
renewed, because the gravity is
so hard on them, they sent a
replacement to take his place.
He was taller than Zendor was--
9 and 1/2, maybe 10 foot tall.
So there is a different sizing
there, and they have said that.
They go--
>>EMERY: Their skin color?
>>WHITNEY: Their
skin color varies.
There is a blue
skin color to them.
Some have a little
bit of a violet tone.
Some of them have a little
bit of a greenish tone to it.
They say that their
different hair colors,
depending on the region
that they come from,
and their exposure to their
environment, which I thought
was interesting because we don't
get our hair color that way.
They pretty much all have
the same facial features.
They have a lot of
different lineages--
Liran, Melchizedek,
and just a lot
of different lineages from
wars that have come in.
If you are what they consider
to be a true Pleiadian,
meaning that that was
the original inhabitant
at the time when the
mass migration occurred,
then you sat differently.
So there is somewhat of
a caste system there.
And they do fill their
positions by needs.
So in other words,
here, we would say
we're running out of engineers.
We need to send people to
college to become engineers.
They don't do that.
What they do is they plan
out that perfect environment
and then fill it
according to that.
So their positions are very
much desired by different groups
because that has meaning
to their caste system.
But they do treat
each other the same.
Of course, there's no
money that gets exchanged.
So it is that you take joy
in the position that you have
because they consider
all of them important.
So these two were
raised as scientists.
I asked them if they were
birthed, right, like we were.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>WHITNEY: And
they don't do that.
So they have a pod system
in which the body is grown,
and then a consciousness
is placed into it.
>>EMERY: What is their lifespan?
>>WHITNEY: 1,500
years is a lifespan.
And so they look at that as
being because they require
knowledge to be the
foundation of everything
that they're seeking.
So those that are older, of
course, have more knowledge.
That consciousness
then gets passed down
to when the body finally
needs to be replaced.
>>EMERY: Does the body get
replaced throughout that 1,500
years?
>>WHITNEY: Yes.
>>EMERY: And what's the
deciding factor saying,
I'm done at 1,500, I don't
want to keep exchanging
my consciousness for
another new body?
>>WHITNEY: So it's a
personal thing for them.
They do believe in
ascension, but they
believe that that
ascension should
be over a very
long period of time
because you haven't
gained enough knowledge.
So I thought that was
an interesting fact.
>>EMERY: That is interesting.
>>WHITNEY: Yeah.
What they told me
is that usually,
1,500 years at the end of that
is a good time to begin a new
process.
And so they're looking at
cellular age rather than age
the way we look at it.
So what they do is they look
at, is the cell still viable,
or do they need to
replace that body?
And so they'll go through a
series throughout their 1,500
years to get that body replaced.
And then when they
get to the end,
they get to make the choice of
whether they wish to ascend.
And what they believe
when they're ascending
is that they're going into
their spiritual body then
and that that goes on.
So whether they replace it
with a physical body or not
becomes their choice at the end.
>>EMERY: What about family
life for the Pleiadians
like we know it here on Earth?
>>WHITNEY: Yeah.
So they don't consider
themselves families.
They consider themselves
akin to what a tribe is.
They all come together.
They share the same lineage.
So they're very large volumes.
And we've always said things
like it takes a community
to raise a child.
That is literally
how they operate.
Everybody has a vested interest
in the well-being of each other.
And so if they do
have a younger member,
then everybody has
a responsibility
to bring that younger
member along and make sure
that they get the wisdom
and knowledge that they're
supposed to have.
So it's very interesting.
I have five children and,
of course, a husband.
And, well, for
most people, that's
a fairly large family, right?
But they consider that
so small because there's
thousands of them that come
together as this tribe.
And you ask the
normal questions--
what's a routine for
you and your family?
You wonder, do they
go on vacation?
Do their children go
to school, so to speak?
And that's when they informed us
that if they need an engineer,
they take them in.
They just--
>>EMERY: Just
download it, right?
>>WHITNEY: Download it, right.
So--
>>EMERY: It seems more of a
group collective tribal type
thing.
>>WHITNEY: Right.
Very much so.
And so "family" is not
a word that they use.
And I forget the
word that they said
because it would have been
in their native tongue,
but it's akin to a tribe.
They also tell us that while
we call them Pleiadians,
they do not call
themselves Pleiadians.
So they have very firm names
for the different categories
of who they are.
>>EMERY: Different sectors
for where they're from.
>>WHITNEY: Right.
So Zendor and Ilialia were
both what they call Uronian,
and then there's another
word for another group
and so on and so forth.
So that's the way in which
they distinguish themselves.
And I thought that's kind of
interesting because we would
say, for Native American tribes,
this is the Dakota or whatever.
And so it was very much
representative of that.
>>EMERY: How about
entertainment in the arts?
>>WHITNEY: Well, they believe
that art is time and creation.
And so it's very
important to them.
You were given the
gift of being created.
Therefore, that needs to
be expressed in some way.
So art becomes very
important to them.
And they believe that
because music is a harmonic--
and what's interesting is
if you say their name--
I'm saying Zendor, but really,
if you hear it, it's a harmonic.
>>EMERY: Right.
It's like Sanskrit.
>>WHITNEY: Exactly.
And so music becomes
very important to them.
And so it's an expression--
we use music for expression
too, and we use it
for emotional expression.
But they use music as a form of
conveying knowledge and language
and different things like that.
So it's very interesting
when they talk about music,
and it's very different
than what we know.
>>EMERY: When you hear them
talk, is it very melodic?
>>WHITNEY: Yes, very much so.
When I first heard
them telepathically,
I had to get into
the rhythm of it
because I'm not used to
talking to people like that.
And so you have to listen
in your head differently.
You see the images,
and you hear the voice,
but it's a very melodic
voice that's happening.
And there's a difference
between whether it
was from the Pleiadian
or whether it was Orion.
While they both
do the same thing,
it is a different cadence to
the way in which they present it
to you.
>>EMERY: What about
their emotions
compared to the way we
live with our emotions?
>>WHITNEY: So they're
spiritual, and they
believed that part
of being spiritual
is to be centered and balanced.
So they don't convey a
lot of emotions that way.
They feel that, like I say, a
heart-centric-type unconditional
love to you.
You're going to feel that
rather than an expression.
So they don't convey
a lot of emotion.
The only time I saw emotion was
out of the Orion when he got
hit in the eye and suddenly
realized that that was pain.
But other than that, I
never really saw emotion.
I did see a couple
of times where
between Zendor and Ilialia,
they're very close.
She is a liaison officer.
He's a commander.
And they gave each other this
energy exchange between the two
of them, and it looked like it
came from forehead to forehead.
>>EMERY: So you visualized that.
>>WHITNEY: I could see it.
>>EMERY: You could see it.
>>WHITNEY: Yeah.
>>EMERY: Can everyone see it?
>>WHITNEY: I think if most
people are into energy work,
they can't.
I think if you've never
experienced that, then you're
going to miss it.
But I saw this very definite
exchange between them.
And what I noted
from that exchange
is that that confidence
between the two of them
in the way in which they
were working and everything.
And so I thought that
was very interesting.
We would say, is it akin to a
pat on the back, job well done?
No, it was more than that.
So something that I hope to
be able to experience someday.
>>EMERY: Is that also a part
of their fourth density,
fourth dimension?
You talked earlier
about the light.
You saw the light
in some of them.
>>WHITNEY: Yes.
>>EMERY: The violet ray.
Is this also-- are they
going back to 3D and 4D, 5D?
>>WHITNEY: Well, they
are capable of going
interdimensional,
and they do it.
I've looked at this
before, and I've
said what I have to
think about this.
In other words, get my frequency
to where it needed to be.
It's so natural to
them that they don't.
They don't skip a
beat, so to speak.
They just go from
one to the next.
And so I've seen them do
that, and it's fascinating.
I look forward to
it because don't
we all want to go to the
fifth-dimensional state?
>>EMERY: Absolutely.
>>WHITNEY: Right.
Clearly, we can do that.
I think we just need to have
more understanding of it.
>>EMERY: So how developed are
they in relation to space travel
compared to all the other races?
>>WHITNEY: Well, they
say they've been doing it
for millions of years.
I did not see any
question that developed
in any thought process of
where they were going in space.
It just seems like it's
second nature to them.
They did get to the point where
they started defining things
for us, so they would use
the word "interstellar"
versus "interplanetary" so
that we got an idea about
the conditions that
they deal with.
But, no, there's a funny--
the song, "I've
Been Everywhere"--
and every once in a while,
when we'll ask them a question,
they'll hum that song so that
we get the indication that
there's probably not
too much they've seen.
I did ask them at one
point if they'd ever
been to the edge of
our known universe.
And they said, there's a
lot of nothing out there.
So--
>>EMERY: There's many
ways you could take that.
>>WHITNEY: Exactly, exactly.
They have been to some
very interesting places.
They say that that's part of--
that knowledge gathering is
to get to other species.
They've seen lots
of different ways
in which things can be done.
They still come back to the fact
that the way to lead forward
is for everybody
to be spiritual.
They do talk about Draconians
and Reptoid species.
>>EMERY: In a positive
way or negative?
>>WHITNEY: Well, it depends
on the species there again.
I've heard them make
reference to some of the Greys
that are malevolent and some of
the Greys that are benevolent.
I mean, it's just like here.
We have the same thing.
The same with
Reptoids-- some Reptoids
seem to have evolved
past warlike tendencies
and have become more spiritual.
They don't hold that same
truth for Draconians.
They believe that
that's a warring species
and will always be
a warring species.
So they try to avoid
them as much as possible.
But when it comes to the
United Galactic Federation,
because they're a
non-interventionist, that's
their take on it,
is that we wouldn't
go out and seek them and try
to change them or anything.
We'll just let them
do their thing.
>>EMERY: What other
behavioral traits can you
tell us about the Pleiadians?
>>WHITNEY: Well, they're pretty
mild-mannered most of the time.
I mean, I sit there
and I ask a question,
and they'll be very thoughtful
before they give an answer.
So I thought that
was interesting.
I don't know why we have
that pause in between,
whether there's a
reflection that goes on,
or there may be something
going on between them, how
do I answer this or whatever.
But they seem to be very
relaxed at every situation
that they're in.
They don't seem to get
alarmed about anything.
>>EMERY: Laid back, OK.
>>WHITNEY: Right.
If there's a crisis, they
just do what needs to be done.
I didn't see any anxieties,
or I didn't notice any fears.
So I think that they
have that under control.
But like I say,
they also understand
about being centered and
balanced in the energies.
>>EMERY: Are they
considered some
of the most human-looking
extraterrestrials out there?
>>WHITNEY: I think
probably based
on what they've told us,
that other than Cassiopeians,
they are probably the next.
They have said to us,
we're your Nordic version,
which is interesting.
I think very much the
classic human being.
And then they say that the
Cassiopeians are probably
first in line for being
the classic human being.
>>EMERY: And how much more
are they different than us?
>>WHITNEY: Well, taller,
better physiques.
They don't have anything
like overweight problems.
They don't have disease.
I mean, it stuns them that
we allow that to happen.
I'm like, well, we're
not really allowing it.
They don't understand
pharmaceutical companies.
They don't understand why
we eat the way we eat.
So it's an interesting
process to learn.
And I'm not in the
best shape I should be.
I'm like the average American.
I like good food.
>>EMERY: I've heard
the same comments.
We're poisoning ourselves.
We're self-sabotaging.
>>WHITNEY: Exactly.
>>EMERY: Why eat this food?
>>WHITNEY: Yeah.
And so it's an
interesting take on how
they view their own physiques.
I asked them-- I
said, do you exercise?
Because here, that's one of our
main conventions is exercising.
And they said, well, no,
we take care of this body,
and, therefore, it
takes care of us.
And I'm thinking, wow.
>>EMERY: And did they have
ways to take care of it?
Do they have--
>>WHITNEY: Well,
they have these--
>>EMERY: --relaxing places
to go to, or I don't know--
you said they did breathwork.
>>WHITNEY: Right.
They do a lot of
breathwork, right.
So that was an
interesting thing that I
noticed when I was
talking with them before
that they do this breathwork.
I don't know if it's a way of
renewing energies within them
or exactly what it conveys.
They don't talk about
too much of that.
They just act like that's
the way it happens.
Entertainment-wise,
they do have hobbies.
So Zendor, because he's
into being a revelationist,
seeking knowledge, all
of his hobbies are--
he reads a lot of ancient texts.
He enjoys-- I found
this interesting.
They watch our History
Channel and then laugh
because they say
that's not our history.
And so then I say, well, then
tell us what our history is.
Ilialia, she's their
liaison officer.
She is also a scientist.
She wanted to hike
anyplace she could hike.
She couldn't get enough of that.
So that's the thing
that she enjoys.
>>EMERY: So tell us about
the Pleiadians' intervention
with human evolution.
Did it have anything
to do with us?
>>WHITNEY: So they say they've
been here many, many times.
They talk about when we used
to have three spaceports here.
They talk about-- what
we call Stonehenge,
they call those
transport portals.
They talk about
the fact that there
used to be huge
civilizations here,
that we had major trading
posts in and out of here.
The Earth was a weigh station
between other constellations.
When they had the Great
Migration because of Lyran wars,
Earth was a stopover place.
So there was many, many
different types of species here
then.
And then, of course, they left
from here to go someplace else.
So they look at a lot of
our history in that way.
One of the interesting
things is we have--
what is it-- Gobekli Tepe.
And they say, well, that
used to be a spaceport.
And I thought, well,
that's interesting.
I would not have gone there.
But they say to us, well,
look at what you do.
And we do.
Our airports have carvings
representative of the area.
And we have these tall
ceilings to represent space
and all these other things.
And they said that's
exactly what that
was, that they're
just uncovering
the lobby to a great spaceport.
And so then the question
begs, what happened?
And they said, well, we had
a great war that came here.
And so weapons were used that
destroyed whole territories.
And so here we are.
But they say there was
another one near Nazca.
And it's interesting
that we're finding lots
of different mummies there now.
Does that account
for different species
that came in and out of there?
And then apparently, there
was one somewhere in Japan.
So those are the three
that they made mention of.
So they've been
here lots of times.
They said they used to come
in and out of here frequently.
Now they only come here
for specific things.
>>EMERY: Do you know how long
ago we're talking about here?
>>WHITNEY: I don't know how
to put a number on that.
I mean, when I talk to them-- so
remember, when we look at years,
they think of years differently
than we think of years.
So they'll tell me 40,000 years.
But is that 40,000 years
based on a cycle of 365 days,
or is that 40,000 years based
on their cycle of chronological
age?
So I'm not sure exactly
how long that really is.
So they tell us that
the original Egyptians
were what they call Sirugians--
came from Sirius.
And so they say their history
is somewhere around 45,000
to 55,000 years.
So they say long before
that ever happened.
And I'll say, well,
what does that mean?
And they'll say, we're
talking 250,000 years.
So I'm going to say, when
somebody says 40,000 years,
that frame of reference
is somewhat skewed.
>>EMERY: Did the
Pleiadians have anything
to do with tinkering with
human DNA here on Earth?
>>WHITNEY: They have said
that's all the Anunnaki.
And that doesn't really seem to
be their forte, even though they
have a lot of scientists.
It doesn't sound like
from all the conversations
I've had with them that they're
manipulating DNA in that way.
They say that's a
lot of the Greys.
They talk about the
cattle mutilations
are because they need the bovine
serum to manipulate the DNA.
And so they say that
that is certain Grey
species that are doing that.
It's also certain
Reptoid species.
But they say most of
the manipulation that
occurred on this planet was
because of the Anunnaki.
>>EMERY: Absolutely.
I agree.
What was the most
outstanding quality
that you were impressed
with by the Pleiadians?
>>WHITNEY: I think
probably we're
going to go back to the fact
that their willingness to learn
something new.
When you have an
intelligent species come in,
and we can't get to the same
level that they can get to,
I thought it was interesting
that they were willing to learn
from us as well.
And so--
>>EMERY: That says a lot.
>>WHITNEY: It does.
It does.
And I always felt they
were genuine with us.
And I always felt like you can
feel the unconditional love
coming from them.
And when they speak
to you, there's
very much this
conveyance that, we
realize you're
part of something,
not that you're different.
And so I think that's the big
thing is that it really gave me
comfort to know that they
consider us worth being
part of the bigger picture.
>>EMERY: That shows
they want to help--
>>WHITNEY: Yes.
>>EMERY: --and
that's a big thing.
>>WHITNEY: Yeah.
So I felt very good about the
interface that we had with them.
>>EMERY: Do you think there
are any Pleiadians walking
amongst us?
And if so, how many?
>>WHITNEY: Well,
they're definitely here.
They have said to us there
are many conclaves here doing
studies.
So that means that
they are here.
There are also some here
in different capacities
other than the conclaves.
So if you ask them how many,
they'll shrug their shoulders
and say, less than
5,000 and more than two.
So somewhere in that
avenue, they're amongst us.
Would we notice that?
Probably not.
They're not out there saying,
hey, we're here to help you.
So I think that's
a very real thing.
And I think that we
were fortunate for them
to come and ask us to help them
and certainly wouldn't trade
that experience for anything.
>>EMERY: There must
be a tremendous amount
of intelligence coming out
of the Orion Star system.
Could you tell us a little bit
about them and more of that?
>>WHITNEY: Sure.
So in the conclave that
we were dealing with,
there were two from Orion,
so Althan and Revayh.
Althan went by the
Earth name Bob,
and Revayh went by the Earth
name Reverend, which I found
interesting that he chose that.
Highly intelligent.
What's interesting is they don't
usually have a sense of humor,
but one of them was
trying it on for size.
And so every day, he
would give me a new joke.
And sometimes it made sense.
Sometimes it didn't.
But it's a learning
process for them as well.
They're very, very tall beings.
Average height is 9 to 11 feet.
They're extremely thin if we
measured their body sizes.
And the waist was 19 inches.
That's a tiny waist.
We measured their arms.
Very long arms.
For the most part, their
fingertips fall well below where
their knee joint--
>>EMERY: Then how
many do they have?
>>WHITNEY: So they have
five fingers, five toes.
Very long toes.
Probably the longest toes
I've ever seen in my life.
Twice the size of one
of my fingers in length.
They--
>>EMERY: Do they wear clothes
too and spacesuits or--
>>WHITNEY: They wear a uniform,
and it's like a second skin.
Very form-fitting,
environmentally controlled.
They do have a lot of
problems with temperature,
so the suit is a way of
controlling their temperature.
It actually covers
their head as well so
that their head is in the
controlled environment as well.
It comes down and even
covers their hands.
So that tells you that they do
have problems with temperature.
The suit is capable as
a nanotechnology again.
So if they need to change
it, it would automatically
change for them.
>>EMERY: What's the
color of their suit?
>>WHITNEY: So it
represents the Orion.
That's the one thing
that they can hold on to.
So it would go from a green
to a silver to a yellow
color, a chromatic look to
it, a shimmer-type look.
So that's customarily
what we saw them in.
But it did have the same
patches or insignias on it,
showing that they were part of
the United Galactic Federation
and showing that they were a
part of the planetary federation
portion of it, meaning they
belong to the science conclave.
>>EMERY: So let's talk about
the shape of their face,
their head, their eyes.
>>WHITNEY: OK.
Long faces.
Very sharp jaws,
very high cheekbones.
They have a very pronounced,
pointed ear on them.
They don't have any
lobe whatsoever.
The coloring was
a very blue color.
And we did have Arcturians.
So we're looking at shades
of blues amongst the species.
So Pleiadians being the
lightest shade of blue,
Orions being a
middle shade of blue,
and then Arcturians
being a very dark blue.
And they say that that
has to do with the fact
that they have copper-based
blood and the environment
that they live in.
As far as the Orions go,
they have sunken eye sockets,
which I found was interesting.
Very round.
They do say that they can
see much further than we're
capable of seeing.
Their hearing is phenomenal.
Don't whisper a mile
away because I'm
pretty sure they can hear that.
We did do some measurements
on each of them for that.
Some of them wear a
lens that comes down
over the eye that
gives them sensor data,
allowing them to see and
interpret at a different level.
>>EMERY: You said their eyes are
round and inset into the skull.
What color are their eyes?
>>WHITNEY: So they have
very blue-violet eyes.
I mean, they're just--
you're going to stare
at them over and over
again because I caught
myself doing that.
Beautiful eyes.
And I could see them--
when they're looking
at something,
and they're evaluating it, you
can see changes in the color
happen in their eyes.
And I thought that
was interesting
because our eyes don't do that.
We might adapt to light,
but theirs are clearly
part of the sensory perception
of what they're seeing.
>>EMERY: What are
the Orions known for?
>>WHITNEY: Well, a
lot of technology.
They excel at technology.
But they also excel
in, I guess, what
we want to call it as a
variety of different areas.
They look at spirituality.
They want to learn
about other cultures.
So they apply all of
that as a central theme.
There again, it's
about knowledge.
And they share
willingly if they can.
Now, one of the things that the
United Galactic Federation has
told them is that they
cannot give us technology.
So they're not
going to just say,
look at this great piece I
have, and it's just for you.
That didn't happen at all.
I wish, but that's
not the way it works.
They have trades that they kept
referring to them as trades.
So they have people that
have specific skills,
and those get traded for other
services or what have you.
So I think that's the bulk
of business on that end.
They're very clever.
They negotiate,
which is interesting.
We had several instances where
they were negotiating with us.
And my--
>>EMERY: What were
they negotiating?
>>WHITNEY: Well, my take is,
why don't you just ask me?
But they don't do that.
They negotiate for it.
So I think that has something to
do with the way in which they've
learned to conduct themselves
with other species is
you negotiate for whatever
service or what have you.
But I just told them--
I said, just ask, and
we're happy to provide.
>>EMERY: So how advanced
is their technology?
>>WHITNEY: I would say they're
millions of years ahead.
>>EMERY: Wow.
>>WHITNEY: Yes.
We can't even-- I
mean, when you can
make something appear out of
nothing, that's pretty advanced.
They never had to
go find anything.
They would just say, this is
what I need, and there it is.
>>EMERY: And how has
that high technology
influenced what they
do with other races
and other civilizations?
>>WHITNEY: Well,
what's interesting
is if you belong to the
Galactic Federation,
they've made it you're
part of that system,
and, therefore, you can do that.
If you're outside
of it, no can do.
>>EMERY: So what
about the relationship
between the Pleiadians,
Orions, and us?
>>WHITNEY: So
Pleiadians, Orions both
belong to United
Galactic Federation,
so they're used to being
cooperative with each other
and working together.
We're a new aspect in that.
They've waited for
us to get to a point
where we started waking up
and could begin to understand.
So now we're on
the edge of that.
And what they're hoping is that
we will cross that precipice
and that we can
become part of them.
And certainly, I hope
that we get there.
I mean, all I see is
it's a benefit to us.
>>EMERY: In a more
open context scenario,
who will humans
resonate with more?
Will it be the Orions
or the Pleiadians?
>>WHITNEY: It'll
probably be Pleiadians
because they're closer to
the way in which we look.
We have a lot of belief
systems we have to overcome.
And when you see something
that doesn't look like you,
you tend to be reserved
in moving forward with it.
So I think that
probably the Pleiadians.
And really, when they
present themselves,
the Pleiadians will come
and do a more one-on-one,
whereas the Orions
do not do that.
So I think that really,
if we're to move forward,
it has to be in that
avenue with the Pleiadians.
>>EMERY: Between the
Pleiadians and the Orions,
what's your personal
takeaway from both of those?
>>WHITNEY: Well, of course,
they're all individuals
just like we are, and they all
had something to contribute.
I enjoyed being with
Ilialia, Pleiadian,
because she had
such compassionate
way in which she viewed things.
She wasn't looking
to fault anybody.
I mean, she's in a
homeless community.
She's emerged herself in that.
You're going to see
every prejudice and bias
and drug and so on, all
the worst that humanity
can dredge up, the fighting
that happens amongst them.
And so she had such
compassion for all of that
and was willing to
immerse herself in that
and try to teach them to have
compassion for each other.
So I really admired
her for that.
They each had something
to contribute.
And this was an
experience for them
as well to be immersed in that.
And what were they going
to take away from it?
And I think after talking
to them and everything--
because that's what we did is
I wrote a full report on what
we learned from them
and what they took away.
And it was interesting
is that they
found that they had,
over the different eons,
preconceived notions
about our development.
And the one thing they took away
is that we are able to adapt.
And they found that
fascinating because they
thought we had bred
that out of ourselves
by not being able to
adapt and be flexible.
And so they really took that
away as a positive moment for us
and that we can learn from that.
So I think that's a
great start for us
to be recognized for that.
>>EMERY: Yeah, I agree
with you as well.
Victoria, I want to thank
you for coming on the show.
>>WHITNEY: Sure.
I appreciate you having me here.
>>EMERY: I'm Emery Smith, and
this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
[THEME MUSIC]